why
oh dude intermatic monday on the
fifteenth of februari 2010 yes its half
term and that means that all the towel
is open we've got feast of media
pictures for you today in the new Sonic
Spinball has opened with on towers
februari half-term lineup is looking
good there's a nice sonic model thing
with looking very glossy it is not going
to look like that in a couple of months
time that's all good it looks good not a
big rithi but now I'm really expecting
that and found yourselves like Sonic
collecting rings thought park or
somebody some pictures of sora life
horror maids full pictures one of the
thought part bell exterior what are some
blade one of the inside which of the
building which has got like tiling
missing and that's quite scary like the
bathroom scene inside the saw films and
also one of this sort engine rusted
engine got some speculation going as to
what these things are actually going to
be where they're going to be what
they're going to do but it's quite cool
that they're releasing pictures and it
looked good let's just hope that people
just don't run through it not accepting
how well themed it is anyway onto the
media are here I've got some pictures of
Auckland reteamed into the dark forest
13 testing sonic spinball ants or alive
you
so those are some pictures of thought
parking lot and towels looking really
good on talking towers and scare fest
made suggestions for the wall of fame
lots of people suggest that it's going
to be some 13 a live thing like Joel
life and there might be in the dark
forest area but the one suggestion which
kind of stuck out for me was to google
for school which was suggested and it's
basically about this haunted school and
the link to video with that in is in the
description that's good that we open the
wall of fame when this new room is done
as you can see it's not blue anymore um
so for wall of fame as a sort of fun
thing if you well I'm going to get at
all and if you have any ideas for a
great name overdog link to theme parks
comment below or email it's Rasmus oh 1
93 @ live.com oh okay and we'll get your
suggestion up on the wall of fame if
it's good enough and my whole family
says yes you write and call a dog that
we might end up with a dog called and
pals like maybe not but yeah so check
out itt productions project MN is coming
on well and see you next episode 5
I don't
the full day down